Doc updates (#159)
open-ce/open-ce: README.md

### Building a Collection of Packages

To build an entire integrated and functional conda channel using Open-CE, start by installing the needed tools in the [Requirements](#requirements) section above.
The `build_env.py` script can then be used to build a collection of Open-CE packages. An Open-CE environment file needs to be passed in as input. A selection of environment files are provided within the `envs` directory for different frameworks such as TensorFlow and PyTorch. The output from running `build_env.py` will be a local conda channel (by default called `condabuild`) and one or more conda environment file(s) in the output folder depending on the selected build configuration. For more details on `build_env.py`, please see [`doc/README.build_env.md`](doc/README.build_env.md).

> The following commands will use the opence-env.yaml Open-CE environment file to build all of the Open-CE packages for Python 3.6 (the default), including CUDA builds and cpu-only builds (also the default). The commands should be run from within the same directory that contains `local_files`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands will use the `opence-env.yaml` Open-CE environment file to build all of the Open-CE packages for Python 3.6 (the default), including CUDA builds and cpu-only builds (also the default). The commands should be run from within the same directory that contains `local_files`.
```

### Installing Packages

> After performing a build, a local conda channel will be created. By default, this will be within a folder called `condabuild` (it can be changed using the `--output_folder` argument). After the build, packages can be installed within a conda environment from this local channel. If the packages are built using build_env.py script, then a conda environment file will also be generated which can be used to generate a conda environment with the built packages installed in it. See conda's [documentation](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/index.html) for more information on conda environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After performing a build, a local conda channel will be created. By default, this will be within a folder called `condabuild` (it can be changed using the `--output_folder` argument). After the build, packages can be installed within a conda environment from this local channel. If the packages are built using `build_env.py` script, then a conda environment file will also be generated which can be used to generate a conda environment with the built packages installed in it. See conda's [documentation](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/index.html) for more information on conda environments.
```

> After performing a build, a local conda channel will be created. By default, this will be within a folder called `condabuild` (it can be changed using the `--output_folder` argument). After the build, packages can be installed within a conda environment from this local channel. If the packages are built using build_env.py script, then a conda environment file will also be generated which can be used to generate a conda environment with the built packages installed in it. See conda's [documentation](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/index.html) for more information on conda environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After performing a build, a local conda channel will be created. By default, this will be within a folder called `condabuild` (it can be changed using the `--output_folder` argument). After the build, packages can be installed within a conda environment from this local channel. If the packages are built using build_env.py script, then a conda environment file will also be generated which can be used to generate a conda environment with the built packages installed in it. See conda's [documentation](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html) for more information on conda environments.
```

The following command will install a package named `PACKAGE` from the local conda channel `condabuild` into the currently active conda environment.

```bash
conda install -c ./condabuild PACKAGE
```

> The following command can be used to create a conda environment using conda environment file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command can be used to create a conda environment using a conda environment file.
```

```bash

> conda env create -f opence-conda-env-py3.6-cpu-openmpi.yaml

Reviewer: Do we want to use placeholder for filename here?

Author: I think exact file name is also okay, as it is an example. We do that for output_folder directory too just above it.

```

### Creating Docker Image with Open-CE Packages installed

> After performing the build using build_env.py, a `build_image.py` script can be used to create a runtime docker image having a conda environment created and built packages installed in it. This docker image can be further used to create containers that have Open-CE packages preinstalled. For more details on `build_image.py`, please see [`doc/README.build_image.md`](doc/README.build_image.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After performing the build using `build_env.py`, a `build_image.py` script can be used to create a runtime docker image having a conda environment created and built packages installed in it. This docker image can be further used to create containers that have Open-CE packages preinstalled. For more details on `build_image.py`, please see [`doc/README.build_image.md`](doc/README.build_image.md).
```

> After performing the build using `build_env.py`, a `build_image.py` script can be used to create a runtime docker image having a conda environment created and built packages installed in it. This docker image can be further used to create containers that have Open-CE packages preinstalled. For more details on `build_image.py`, please see [`doc/README.build_image.md`](doc/README.build_image.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After performing the build using `build_env.py`, the `build_image.py` script can be used to create a runtime docker image containing the newly created conda channel, as well as a conda environment with the newly build Open-CE packages. For more details on `build_image.py`, please see [`doc/README.build_image.md`](doc/README.build_image.md).
```
